0-putchar.c- program for printing _putchar, followed by a new line.
1-alphabet.c- program for writing  a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
2-print_alphabet_x10.c- program for writing a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
3-islower.c- program for checking for lowercase character.
4-isalpha.c- program for checking for alphabetic character.
5-sign.c- program for printing the sign of a number.
6-abs.c- program for computing the absolute value of an integer.
7-print_last_digit.c- program for printing the last digit of a number.
8-24_hours.c- program for printing every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
9-times_table.c- program for printing the 9 times table, starting with 0.
10-add.c- program for adding two integers and returns the result.
11-print_to_98.c- program for printing all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.
100-times_table.c- program for printing the n times table, starting with 0.
101-natural.c- program for computing and printing the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.; where when listed,  all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9.
102-fibonacci.c- program for printing the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
103-fibonacci.c- program for finding and printing the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.; given that Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000.
104-fibonacci.c- program for finding and printing the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

